dbt Cloud quickstart guides (#2749)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/introduction.md

### dbt Cloud

> dbt Cloud is the fastest and most reliable way to deploy dbt. Develop, test, schedule, and investigate data models all in one web-based UI. Learn more with [dbt Cloud quickstarts](/docs/quickstarts/overview) and [dbt Cloud features](/docs/get-started/dbt-cloud-features).

Reviewer: Learn more "with" doesn't really read right given that it leads into "dbt Cloud features" in the second part of the sentence. Don't love this suggested change so feel free to change it to whatever
```suggestion
dbt Cloud is the fastest and most reliable way to deploy dbt. Develop, test, schedule, and investigate data models all in one web-based UI. Learn more about [dbt Cloud features](/docs/get-started/dbt-cloud-features) and try the [dbt Cloud quickstart](/docs/quickstarts/overview).
```

### Related docs

- [Quickstarts for dbt Cloud](/docs/quickstarts/overview)

> - [Quickstart for dbt Core](/docs/quickstarts/dbt-core/quickstart)

Reviewer: This URL looks a bit funky, why couldn't it just be `quickstarts/dbt-core`?

Author: agreed -- it is a bit janky since there's only one qs for core but that will change soon. another guide for core is in the works.
